ADDITION: How well the new object is added to the existing image, and did it affect the original image
SPECIFIC OBJECT: A specific object which is a part in the image. How well the changes pertaining to it are made.
CHANGE: How well the generated image is structurally relevant to the original image
STYLE TRANSFER: We neeed to rate how well the intended style is transfered to the generated image
BACKGROUND: These prompts challenge the model to change the background. we need to rate how well the intended background change has occurred.
SPECIFIC DETAIL: The prompts Are the specific details mentioned in the text prompt handled eg: Give the tie a pink color with yellow dots
SPECIFIC POSITION: These prompts generate images at a specific position. Are the generated objects placed in the intended position
LANDSCAPE: These are prompts to update the overall landscape of the picture. Are the generated image consists the intended landscape
COUNT: This refers to prompts that deals with / generates a specified number of a objects. Are the generated objects in the image contain the correct number of objects as intended
ENTIRE OBJECT - RELEVANT: This refers to prompts that generates a new object that is structurally relevant to the original image. How well is the generated object.
ENTIRE OBJECT - IRRELEVANT: This refers to prompts that generates a new object that is structurally irrelevant to the original image. How well is the generated object.
FICTION REFERENCE: These are prompts that have fictional references. We need to rate how the fictional references are incorporated in the generated images.
TIMELINE: The prompts changes the timeline of the generated photos (like set in the 2500 AD). How well are the timeline related changes are availabe in the generated images.
IMAGE: These prompts completely change the entire original image like a Snow Filled Mountains into a desert etc. We need to rate how well the generation is completed.
CAMERA CONTROL: These prompts change the angle from which the object is viewed. How well the intended visual perspective change is displayed.
REMOVAL: These prompts would remove one or more objects from the original image. We need to rate the performance of the model for these tasks.
MULTIPLE-OBJECTS: These prompts deal with images that contain multiple-objects as part of the input image.

Overall the rating is from 0-5:
0 - There is no change in the image or a very negative version of the image that ruins the original image completely
1 - A slight attempt towards the intended image. Can tolerate high amount of errors.
2 - An okayish attempt towards the intended image. Can tolerate moderate amount of errors.
3 - A decent attempt towards the intended image. Can tolerate decent amount of errors.
4 - A good attempt towards the intended image. Can tolerate low amount of errors.
5 - A very good attempt towards the intended image. Can tolerate very low amount or / No errors.

Note: The ratings are subjective in nature, so could still be rated based on a personal view.

